What are you doing here?
Who let you in?
Auntie can't come today for something
I said I wanted to make you a meal
Auntie will give you the key.
Don't think I'll marry you like this
You are worthless now
Not even that bitch Sunan
Speaking of Sunan
Do you know who he is?
What identity?
Isn't it the plaything of the three young masters of the Su family?
Brother Ruichen
I found that Sunan has a saying that is quite right
What are you talking about? You are so stupid and disgusting.
Of course it's a compliment
Actually, I'm also running errands for people today
What the hell are you playing?
Is this a letter from my cousin to you?
The letter that Miss Su wrote to me?
That's right, my cousin said
Last time he had a shocking article with you at the Su family
I miss you
If you are also interested in him
Buy the land in the eastern suburbs
As a dowry
Unexpectedly, I just went to the Su family last time.
Didn't even get in
Just because Miss Su saw it
There we go.
You took the Su family one step further
But my cousin said
I want you to take a picture of the land in the eastern suburbs as a betrothal gift
Sleep as a brother
Do you have any money?
Isn't it just money?
Hello
Go to the bank to borrow 50 million
If the bank refuses to lend
I mortgaged the house company
I must take this land in the eastern suburbs